For my Local Business Website Redesign project, I selected Catoctin Mountain Orchard located in Thurmont, MD. As far as design goes, I had two main goals: to stay true to the brand, and to create a theme both earthy and bright, like an apple. To stay true to the brand, I decided to keep Catoctin Mountain Orchard's current logo and use images from their website. Catoctin Mountain Orchard's big thing is apples, so my color choice reflects that. The backgrounds are in tones of brown, along with natural shades of green. Accented text is in a muted red apple color that I found by using a digital eyedropper on the Catoctin Mountain Orchard logo. My font was specially selected to reflect artistic, yet natural design. I tried to make navigation as easy as possible, and I added some interesting design elements to my navigation bar. Not only do items in the nav bar change color on hover or focus, they also expand slightly and return to normal immediately afterwards, with a 0.3s smooth transition. Sections are styled using media queries to switch from row structure to column structure when the viewport crosses into tablet mode, and additional contrast comes into play at phone-screen size.

Crossing into the mesh of accessibility and design, I did my best to leave significant amounts of negative space, continuing my nature theme. Continuing on with accessibility, I made sure to use high contrast, adjusting text color based on the brightness of the background color. As image accessibility goes, I should note that it is better in the project GitHub repository than in the submitted ZIP file, only because I forgot to add some alt text. 
